How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    viewing a diff between two versions help me spot the bug easily, 
	otherwise going back and fort between files would becaome difficult 
	and open to error, especially for big files. 

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    having easy access to the entire history of a file make me efficient programmer
    because if I can access the entire history easily I can try more things in my 
    code and if those don't work I can easiyl find the old working versions and 
    continue to working from that version.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    manually choosing when to commit is better because othervise you can have a file 
    with half function or something like that instead of full module change, also with 
    automatic save you will have many versions and choosing the right one when 
    needed would be difficult 

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
		
	saving multiple files is a useful thing because othervise spotting the working
	 file combinations would be difficult and time consuming.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    I can use git log to see my code files history bey typing git log in the directory
    and I can use git diif to see my code file disserences by typing git diff and giving 
    two commit ids as an argument

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    it makes me more confident to make changes because in this case I can go back and 
    find where I did wrong and correct iit

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I want to use it to fork some code from the internet


    


